Dj 2.2 upgrade (#15)
unt-libraries/django-subjects: CHANGELOG.md

Change Log
==========

2.0.0
-----

* Upgraded to Django 2.2.

> * Dropped supporting Django 1.11 and versions below it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dropped support for Django 1.11 and versions below it.
```

* Dropped Python 2.7 support.

1.x.x

> -----

Reviewer 2: I think this `1.x.x` heading should go away, and the Markdown bump can be listed under 2.0.0 release, since there is no version between these two.
